# Notepad

## Applicable Algorithms

Regarding the algorithms, I've found these to be applicable to our data. Maybe we might need to tweak something. Important is always the interpretation, i.e. what does a "link" mean? 

### SL03 Network measures 
- Centrality
	- Based on degree: Degree centrality
		- makes sense, *Centrality measures are used to define the central node which: is important and/or powerful has an influential/advantageous position on the network*
	- Based on geodesics: Closeness and Betweenness
		- *The closeness centrality emphasizes the distance of a node to other nodes on a network.* Doesn't make a lot of sense in our case, since short paths are implicitly generated byour data model. 
		- *Betweenness centrality measures the number of times a node acts as a bridge along the shortest path between two other nodes.* Makes more sense to implement. How to interpret it, though?
	- Recursive: Eigenvector and PageRank
		- EV makes sense
		- PR: *identify leadership groups on social networks* makes sense!


### SL04 Communities

- COMMUNITIES IN ATTRIBUTED GRAPHS SL4-1p10: we could attribute our nodes (users) with score, subreddit(s) they post in
- Modularity -> fuzzy or clear community structure? I think ours will result in fuzzy
- Make a Community evaluation

### SL07 Recommendation

- New idea: integrate posts also as nodes post recommendation: "you could like this post", our items = posts, rating: 1= commented post, 0= didn't comment post

### SL09 Link Analysis

We can do Link analysis, too. However, we need some kind of labels. The examples shown were disjoint labels, e.g. an independent politician is not a republican and not a democrat etc. An user in our graph can comment on multiple subreddits, and these are the only labels we have. So when doing Link Analysis, we either choose a main label (e.g. the subreddit the user posted most on) or we always only look for 3 labels for pairs of subreddits: user who posted only on subreddit X, user who posted only subreddit Y and user who posted on X and Y. This yields 3 labels. Yet, we can also use SVD to yield a 2D representation of our network which might come in handy for visualisation purposes. However, if we take a matrix such as $x$ commented $y$ then then the complexity is of order $\mathcal(O)(n^2)$...


## Next steps

I'd say these are the next steps we have to take **by Thursday 23:59**

1. If you think I've missed an algorithm that is applicable, please add it above and explain why/how we could apply it
2. We have to implement one, but I think it would be cool if we implement two or three algorithms. Everyone of us could do one. Some take a bit more time than others. Say you implement a big algorithm, then you only do that while if you implement a small one, you do a bit more for the report etc.. See deliverables below.

... to be continued ... 